feat: add WebSocket server example (#93)
zigcc/zig-cookbook: book-src/05-04-websocket-server.md

## WebSocket

> Starting with release 0.14.0, a simple implementation of `http.WebSocket`(Server) has been introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic implementation of `http.WebSocket`(Server) has been introduced since Zig 0.14.0. 

This example demonstrates an echo server.
```
